so how does your home measure up if you
plan to build it fix it or plant it
don't miss the Clarke public utilities
home and garden idea fair see hundreds
of exhibits including a home of the
future built by new tradition homes pick
up some plants at the region's largest
plant sale and check out the beautiful
landscape displays admission is free
fair grounds parking is $5 Thursdays
Colombian has more information the clark
public utilities home and garden idea
fair April 27th through 29th at the
Clark County Events Center at the
fairgrounds if your lawn is no longer a
lawn here's what you can do first kill
what's there mow the dead grass and
thatch add fertilizer and lime to the
soil next put down nature's own lawn
seed choose the one that's right for
your area cover with peat moss and keep
moist
now mow your lawn when it's three inches
tall then fertilize again to keep it
growing strong give your lawn that golf
course look with nature's own lawn seed
available exclusively at your local Fred
Meyers garden center mow and machinery
prides itself on its history and there's
60 years of doing business and serving
the community they welcome the
opportunity to earn your business and
provide them on machinery tradition of
excellence
Kubota tractors are designed for those
who demand more more power more
versatility more value whether you work
in the back yard or the back 40 there's
a Capone attractor that's just right for
you the staff and more machinery has
years of skilled experience let their
experts put you behind the will of a new
Kubota tractor today mow and machinery
from the farm to the garden your first
stop for quality equipment you can
really live the difference it will limit
view where whole person wellness for
your body and mind is at the center of
Portland's premier senior residents our
just open Wellness Center offers
state-of-the-art fitness equipment
indoor pool and programs for residents
mental and emotional well-being you'll
love our wellness lifestyle and the
views from our landscape acreage on the
wall and that
discover the difference for yourself
come see why while I'm at view has more
to offer in an earlier segment with
Michael Fletcher we talked about many of
the water features they have here this
is just a small sampling my hope of what
you've done
yeah and it's a little early there's not
a lot of plants in here right you know I
think the one thing that I wanted to
show it's kind of a how to think that if
people wanted to have a water you call
it a feature water bowl on their deck
without electricity nothing this is
something they can do very simply so you
what do you do to keep algae down from
here
where's a pond shade called black veil
and it actually keeps the Sun from
getting in and make letting algae grow
so the water in here has been treated
with that and it's okay for the plants
it's not gonna hurt the plant it's not
at all okay and will it stay this way
all season or do you have to add any
more it dissipates you can't add more or
I let it stay like this for just a while
and it balances out so I don't really
need to add more once the plant gets
growing but it does stay clear yeah
pretty good and then what do you do
about mosquitoes you get mosquitos here
I use a mosquito bitch it works real
well the larva bite it you just killed
they're gone okay tell us a little plant
right here this is what I believe this
one's the Texas dawn a water look it's a
big yellow water lily and so was this
out here all winter yeah so it's a hardy
one it is okay and what about this stuff
right here
that's a Zola it's a floater it has nice
long little roots on it and it turns
kind of red like this almost oh okay
okay the thing I just wanna let people
know is they can have a water feature in
the water will stay clear without any
electricity or any circulation okay now
you've got a new water feature gorgeous
blue pod out in front
so let's go take a look at that all
right Michael the the blue
forget-me-nots you have here this is the
regular forget-me-nots it's not like you
had out there okay yeah and then you've
got sweet woodruff uh-huh along in there
and you just sort of let that naturalize
yes in that area well give both white
flowers all over it pretty soon right
now can I walk over here certainly all
right okay
walk over here I just want to show
because I think this is a spectacular
feature now this is new for you right
here well yeah alright so there's a
reservoir under here don't tell me about
it
it's two foot squares cinder blocks are
on in on each corner mm-hmm it has a
plastic grade on top of it and there's a
pipe in the middle that comes up and
it's sealed so that when I turn it off
the water stays in there
and that's how I get away with a small
reservoir underneath oh okay because the
water can't get out of here once you
turn it off because this is above the
level here right right okay very very
nice and you have a liner around here
yeah the liner goes way out and here
okay and it's curved in so that when it
catches the water splashing it the water
goes back you Oh
okay so there's somebody to make one of
these you've got the liner the reservoir
right and what else the grate on top
that the urn sits on and you've been
sitting on a great yeah it's what it's
sitting oh yeah
and what's the gray tone um the grates
it's on cinder blocks Oh cinder blocks
okay that's okay well that's pretty
straightforward I would think that's
pretty simple beautiful I mean what a
feature this makes it's a plane at
what's a goal it's a beautiful pot like
a cobalt blue I guess you might say and
you keep this running all the time I do
alright I have pictures of it with snow
around it nice round oh you do Wow okay
and the pump is where it's down there's
a little hole right under these rocks
that I cut in the grate that I can reach
and get the pump in there yeah okay so
the liner the cinder blocks the great
the pot the pump
and you've got a tube coming up here
jimp to make it bubble over and go all
down the sides yeah great idea boy this
is a this is a really beautiful feature
I commend you on that very very nice Oh
Michael thank you for having us here
this is very nice
many more water features than I even
imagined
I've seen your your things on the
bulletin board out of Hughes the photos
but it's better in person that is in the
picture well thank you very much